Document Improved (#1626)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05c-Reverse-Engineering-and-Tampering.md

Android's openness makes it a favorable environment for reverse engineers. In the following chapter, we'll look at some peculiarities of Android reversing and OS-specific tools as processes.

> Android offers reverse engineers big advantages that are not available with iOS. Because Android is open-source, you can study its source code at the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) and modify the OS and its standard tools any way you want. Even on standard retail devices, it is possible to do things like activating developer mode and sideloading apps without jumping through many hoops. From the powerful tools shipping with the SDK to the wide range of available reverse engineering tools, there's a lot of niceties to make your life easier.

Reviewer: Same here, Github is not showing me any change. What was added or removed here?

Reviewer: Ok, so a comma was added. Please let us know next time what changed!

##### Reviewing Decompiled Java Code

> Following the example from "Decompiling Java Code", we assume that you've successfully decompiled and opened the crackme app in IntelliJ. As soon as IntelliJ has indexed the code, you can browse it just like you'd browse any other Java project. Note that many of the decompiled packages, classes, and methods have weird one-letter names; this is because the bytecode has been "minified" with ProGuard at build time. This is a basic type of obfuscation that makes the bytecode a little more difficult to read, but with a fairly simple app like this one, it won't cause you much of a headache. When you're analyzing a more complex app, however, it can get quite annoying.

Reviewer: What was added or removed? Github is not really highlighting anything particular

Reviewer: Ok, so a comma was added. Please let us know next time what changed!

Moving down a level in the OS hierarchy, you arrive at privileged functions that require the powers of the Linux kernel. These functions are available to normal processes via the system call interface. Instrumenting and intercepting calls into the kernel is an effective method for getting a rough idea of what a user process is doing, and often the most efficient way to deactivate low-level tampering defenses.

> Strace is a standard Linux utility that monitors the interaction between processes and the kernel. The utility is not included with Android by default, but can easily be built from source via the Android NDK. Strace is a very convenient way to monitor a process's system calls. Strace depends, however on the `ptrace` system call to attach to the target process, so it only works up to the point at which anti-debugging measures startup.

Reviewer: According to the Cambridge dictionary it should be "start up".
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/start-up-something

Startup (or start-up) means a small company. https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/start-up

```suggestion
Strace is a standard Linux utility that monitors the interaction between processes and the kernel. The utility is not included with Android by default, but can easily be built from source via the Android NDK. Strace is a very convenient way to monitor a process's system calls. Strace depends, however on the `ptrace` system call to attach to the target process, so it only works up to the point at which anti-debugging measures start up.
```

Reviewer 2: Actually it seems to be correct on a technical context, see here: 

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/start-up-startup

https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/launch-time

However, please take a look at the suggestion below.

Reviewer: Ok, then let's leave it as it is. Makes sense to me.  Thanks for researching on this!

> Strace is a standard Linux utility that monitors the interaction between processes and the kernel. The utility is not included with Android by default, but can easily be built from source via the Android NDK. Strace is a very convenient way to monitor a process's system calls. Strace depends, however on the `ptrace` system call to attach to the target process, so it only works up to the point at which anti-debugging measures startup.

Reviewer 2: As I was re-reading this paragraph I thought of doing a rewrite for the sake of making it more easy to understand. Please let me know what you think:

```suggestion
Strace is a standard Linux utility that is not included with Android by default, but can be easily built from source via the Android NDK. It monitors the interaction between processes and the kernel, being a very convenient way to monitor system calls. However, there's a downside: as strace depends on the `ptrace` system call to attach to the target process, once anti-debugging measures become active it will stop working.
```

Reviewer: This is really good!

> If the Android **stop application at startup** feature is unavailable, you can use a shell script to launch the process and immediately attach strace (not an elegant solution, but it works):

Reviewer 2: What is this feature, where can it be found? Or was it meant to be the "Wait for debugger" feature in **Settings > Developer options** ? @sushi2k any ideas?

Reviewer: I guess this was from Bernhard back then and should be the android setting you mentioned. Can you make a separate PR for this?
